{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Summary\
\

\b Bodega Zuazo Gaston.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs23 \cf0 Located in the little village of Oy\'f3n (Alava) Bodegas y Vi\'f1edos Zuazo Gaston is a family cellar managed by Zuazo Gaston where artisan quality wines are elaborated on an own vineyard and state-of-the-art facilities combining tradition and technology. vineyard growns on 100 hectares of calcareous-clay soil where we cult\'edvate, Tempranillo, Graciano, Garnacha, Mazuelo and Viura, with an average of 30 years of age. They are located at a medium altitude of 450 m. above sea level taking advantage of a good orientation and long sunny days. Yields are controlled around 5.000 kg/has. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
 
\b\fs32 ZUAZO GASTON : CELLAR & VINEYARDS IN LA RIOJA ALAVESA 
\b0\fs23 Located in the little village of Oy\'f3n (Alava) Bodegas y Vi\'f1edos Zuazo Gaston is a family cellar managed by Zuazo Gaston where artisan quality wines are elaborated on an own vineyard and state-of-the-art facilities combining tradition and technology. \

\b\fs32 THE FAMILY VINEYARD 
\b0 \

\fs23 Our vineyard growns on 100 hectares of calcareous-clay soil where we cult\'edvate, Tempranillo, Graciano, Garnacha, Mazuelo and Viura, with an average of 30 years of age. They are located at a medium altitude of 450 m. above sea level taking advantage of a good orientation and long sunny days. Yields are controlled around 5.000 kg/has. \

\b\fs32 OUR WINES 
\b0 \

\fs23 We produce red wines and a white wine \'96 which come with the Cellar\'b4s name. Our product line is composed by a 
\i White 
\i0 wine, a 
\i Selected Harvest 
\i0 (aged 5 months in American oak barrels), a 
\i Crianza 
\i0 (aged 12 months), a 
\i Reserva 
\i0 (aged 20 months), and a special wine: 
\i Finca Costanillas 
\i0 (the name comes from the little piece of land where grow the grape used to produce it, it\'b4s our oldest vineyard) aged 12 months. \
Our total production is limited up to 600.000 bottles per year, this allows us the possibility to offer an optimum quality to our friends and customers. }